Change max drawdown protection calculation (#12835)
freqtrade/freqtrade: docs/includes/protections.md

#### MaxDrawdown

`MaxDrawdown` calculates the maximum relative drawdown using the account's equity curve within the `lookback_period` in minutes (or in candles when using `lookback_period_candles`).

> It evaluates the portfolio's peak-to-trough declines by considering the starting balance and the cumulative profit of all trades within the window. If the observed drawdown exceeds `max_allowed_drawdown`, trading will stop for `stop_duration` after the last trade - assuming that the bot needs some time to let markets recover.

Reviewer: That's true for the new equity mode - but a balant lie for the other mode. The docs have to reflect that i think.

> The default calculation method is the sum-of-profit-ratios method (`calculation_mode: "ratios"`) for backward compatibility. To use the standard peak-to-trough equity drawdown (recommended), set `calculation_mode: "equity"`.

Reviewer: I think the sample (in this section, and potentially further down in this section) should get the new parameter (most likely with the new mode - so new users use the "right" mode immediately.

#### MaxDrawdown

> `MaxDrawdown` supports 2 calculation modes within the `lookback_period` in minutes (or in candles when using `lookback_period_candles`):

Reviewer: This sentence is very ... clumsy and will need rewording / splitting.

It's "mostly" trying to say one thing (which trades are included) - but somewhat stumbles through 2 different things

```suggestion
`MaxDrawdown` uses all trades within the `lookback_period` in minutes (or in candles when using `lookback_period_candles`) to determine the maximum drawdown.  
The drawdown calculation mode is determined by the `calculation_mode` setting:
```

    return  [
        {
            "method": "MaxDrawdown",

>             "calculation_mode": "equity",

Reviewer: You're still missing the below sample (not in this section - but wayyyy down).
That'll ensure that users default to the new mode as it'll leave no "old" sample - which i think is what we should aim for.
